---
title: Tam Coc
tags: ninh-binh
---



rework >>>

    Tam Coc, (6 km south of Ninh Binh). , in the middle of the rice fields and lime peaks. The area is somewhat similar to Halong Bay (it is well known as "Halong Bay on Land"), but more accessible. The main attraction of Tam Coc is the boat ride between the cliffs of the river and through 3 tunnels dug by the river through the peaks. Entrance fee: 120,000 dong per person per ride. Ticket: 150,000 dong per boat in Oct 2016, maximum 2 foreigners per boat , but this is not enforced on kids. One of Vietnam's most spectacular sights. If possible, take the boat ride in the morning before the excursion groups[1] arrive from Hanoi, or late afternoon after the groups have left. Last boats start out about 5:30PM in the summer and 4:30PM in the winter. Its an easy bicycle ride here from Ninh Binh, with no hills. Beware, the floating drink sellers can be very persistent. Most will ask if you would like to buy a drink for the rower. This is usually sold back immediately for half price. Rowers can usually row with their feet as well as their hands, which makes quite an interest sight. Some boats have boxes loaded upon departure. They are filled with handicrafts (you can check it), and are meant for you to buy. Rowers are paid a minimum wage and have the right to a few tours a week only, so selling the famous Tam Coc hand-made embroideries, which the women rowers make at home, is the locals' main income. You are not obligated to buy any, but then, you should give the rower a tip as rowing is hard which they will tell you then ask for a tip. But don't expect a thank you as they will only complain that it isn't enough regardless of what amount you give them. The area around Tam Coc is equally beautiful, and is best viewed from the back of a motorbike or by bicycle. In Tam Coc itself, apart from the boat ride, there are 2 beautiful sites to visit ; Bich Dong Pagoda, 3 km after the Tam Coc Pier, built on one of the cliff and which provides incredible views (go all the way to the top of the cliff via the small passage on the right of the last pagoda, which is inside the cliff) and Tai Vi Temple, accessible via the small road on the right of the pier.  edit

         Cycling at rice farm in Tam Coc (rice farms along canals around mountain foot), (long@mekongtrails.com), [6]. 08:00-17:30. Hire a bicycle. In some hotels they even have bikes there free. The roads are easy and just enjoy the beauty of Ninh Binh rice farms on your own. Remember to stop at some caves and pagodas on the road for more exploreation. Some lotus farms can be around rice farms too.  edit

    Boat ride at Tam Cốc -Bích Động. You can hire a boat and a driver which will take you from the boat dock down the canal to the grottoes. We paid 300,000 VD for a 1 hour ride for 2 persons outside the usual working hours (~6pm-7pm) by asking a random person at the boat dock. If you just have a few hours (i.e. waiting for a bus), it's a very good way to spend your time.  edit 